Make them guys let's start with our lectures.
The first time selenium is an open source our mission testing too.
So here there are many testing tools available in the market like UDP selenium Silkie away etc. but
still people prefer selenium because it is an open source.
Open source in the sense you can download this tool for free.
You need not paid to the selenium guys to use this tool.
So this future makes selenium heart in the market.
Now for example take UDP.
That is one what are the emission testing do you use that tool.
You'll have to pay it.
But a lot of money to hit big guys to get the license of QBP.
But there isn't selenium.
What all you do is just go to that Web site officials Elenium lab say non-grata selenium.
And start working.
OK.
So that's pretty much open source flexibility you have in Distel.
So that made whole ward to look blue or selenium.
That's the first major point.
And next it is used exclusively for the best applications.
So that means if you are in your product if there is something which of us we know best then selenium
is not brighter because people say that could be begin work on window.
Right.
But selenium cannot walk on Windows based applications that that is a guarantee of selenium.
But that is not disadvantage when they are designing selenium.
Their intention is to develop something exclusively for their based only so selenium intention.
Intention here is to support their best applications only.
OK.
That cannot be a design disadvantage because this is restricted to them.
So if you have something mainframe kind of application or a the best and this tool cannot walk for that
matter most of the products now aren't the best.
So you could happily use the like Connett and dark and most important future of this tool is it walks
on multiple operating systems.
Selenium is the only tool which locks in Windows as well as Mac.
There's no other tool which locks and Brus platforms.
You can walk in Scolari's lane as well.
So that's the flexibility you have that Distel see how cool it was.
You can walk on my mobile operating systems and it is a freebie.
So all these fut. made the people look better.
OK.
Next.
So what other platforms supported by this tool.
You could walk on windows you could walk on Mac mission you could walk on Linux and Solaris.
So there are four platform support you have with this tool.
You can walk in whatever platform you want.
And now currently we can also support mobile as well.
There is other old guard at IBM which is extension to the selenium and provides support to both I voice
and and platforms as well.
So if you have knowledge on this too even if you can even walk on mobiles as well.
So that's the extensible platform support you have with this tool.
And next what other languages you can write the selenium.
This was an interesting question.
So you can write selenium core in Java.
You can also write that in C Sharp.
Ruby Python PSP and Perl.
So if you are proficient in any of these languages you could use this Elenium API too although maybe
you are way above allegations so that that is and you'll see in the market that requirement will be
in combinations.
Someone telling him a Jaba someone telling him to buy them somewhere.
For anyone C-Sharp or get whatever the language provision you could call yourself and selenium.
This goes in telecoms on Java and that is one Marcos of mine which stocks and buy them.
So Darbar and buy then these two are major languages where people used to write selenium abs.
So however you all know that Darwesh very popular and if you let's remember dubba and all the many were
very easy to understand.
OK.
So one thing you need to know.
I just got one scenario I asked last are insane.
My application is devil using C-Sharp can I use selenium with Java to work on shabbiest application
.
Yes you can do the language a lot.
Right.
You are agao mission core is independent of the language work.
Your application is built on though the what obligations.
Billie Dunn.
You can happily are using selenium built by them.
OK that is an independent.
The other mention Gore and Lieberman.
Are you going on in telling that.
So whatever the language your application is built you can use any of these language to write us selenium
code.
So that's the bready future.
You'll see that in these many languages selenium guys provide support.
And in this cause others said will go get help.
And one more interesting future we get with this tool is multiball was a suburb.
You can work on Internet Explorer Firefox grown and Safari.
Selenium is the only tool that supports grass browsers.
Ok the same kind of stability you get in all these browsers.
If you're big or that goes like UDP and Suku I it might fail in gloom.
Art is not consistent in Safari but selenium provide same kind of stability in all the browsers.
See how cool it was you can work in multiple operating systems.
You can work in multi browsers and it is a free.
You can and you can work in any language which you are familiar with.
So all these food just made selenium hard in the market.
So that's the reason.
Whenever there is a product where people want to make their sprite their way of looking to selenium
they want that to implement in their project.
OK because there is no limit when you gather all the license expires and every year he had the light
and doesn't expire you can lose but lifetime right.
So that's the cool future.
You get this too.
OK.
So in the next lecture.
Let's start with the installation of selenium in our machines.
Still there are more talk about does selenium kind of like that are different versions of selenium available
but I just want to come out of this theoretical speaking and want to work on some tools download and
we'll break up some Dava basic concepts so that once we are done with that we'll switch back the selenium
and Bhagam or the Russians present in selenium.
OK.
So let's start the damn installation.
Step one to start using selenium.
OK.
That's it.
That's it for this lecture.
Thank you.